Welcome back and in this lesson let's create a link to another page.
So just to a regular h him l h Raphe am I going to link to index 3.0 h him.
And then we're going to create that sort of index three.
And then let's duplicate this one and we'll have another link.
Going back to index 1 and then we can also have one going back to index 2 as well.
So let's set all of these up.
So index 2.
So now we've got three links on our Web page and we're going to let the user
click the link and that will give us the ability to create some type of history for these for these
links.
So when we refresh it we've got kind of a mini menu up there at the top.
So let's set up one more here where we're going to actually fire off.
So do an input type will be button.
So set up an input button and this one on click.
So we're going to use that on click event that we looked at earlier and we're actually going to do quite
a bit more with the On Click event coming up as well.
So we know that we can fire off and we can link it and fire off a function.
So we're going to do that.
So let's set up a default function and this one will be Goldbach.
So basically when we click this button it's going to actually take us back.
So we'll be back.
And let's close this one off.
And then go into our script so we know now we need to create a function that's going to link to go back
and we're going to look more about what we can do with these on clicks as well in upcoming lessons.
So there's going to be quite a lot that we're going to be doing with these these are that listeners
and event handlers.
So let's use the window object that we were looking at previously and this time we're going to connect
to Windows history.
So this is a method that's contained within there and it's got its own set of methods that are contained
within this object as well.
So we're going to go windows history and we're just going to do a minus one.
So basically what will happen is this will give us the ability to go back.
So let's try this.
And of course we do need to save this so let's save this as index to HVM mail and then I'm also going
to save it as index three aged hymnal so save it as index 3.
Tim it's all on the same directory.
So that's where we don't have to have the absolute past.
We can just use these relatives pass large or window and refreshed us.
Now let's go to index 3 so we see that we're in index 3 will go to index 2.
So this is just regular H-2 mail.
But if we click back see it already takes us back to index 3 If we click back again then we go back
to our starting point.
So we can actually move through the different pages simply by clicking on it.
And then we can have access to history within our Javascript.
So open up your console and you can actually find out even more information.
So there's window and history.
So the history object has quite a bit of information with it and it is it does have a length.
So you can see that currently there is nine items that are being stored within the history.
So basically what that means that within the window history all of that information so all of our clicks
have already been stored in.
So if we click through some of the pages and then we can actually type in the window so we can do window
history and do that same function that we're doing with the back button.
We can go back one and we see that it takes us back one page as well.
There's quite a lot you can do with this and this is just one of the things that's contained within
the window object that you can make use of within your javascript.
So the next lesson we're going to look at the on click and we're going to look at some even more methods
that are available within the Windows object.
So all of that is coming up.